hello and welcome to life tech de
This is the test video of a monitor
from philips which also as
Android device can be used
the full hd monitor from philips can
either quite normal as a monitor for the
computer or as an android multitouch
device will be used to him as normal
you can just use a monitor
connect hdmi or vga cable and
you can already use the monitor with his
computer use because the monitor, however
also the operating system android
you did not need one
computer and can over the appropriate
Setting the monitor as usual
Use Android device
this is where the philips monitor works
a quad core processor with 1.6
has installed gigahertz and that
operating system android 4.2
preinstalled
he has a graphics unit from
nvidia and 2 gb of memory
for the fluid use of the device
the internal memory is 8 gb and
can with the help of a sdhc card or
be extended via the usb port
thus, the philips can 23 23 c also
as a standalone device completely without
computer to be used
he has a built-in speaker
which stereosound outputs whereby one
no external speakers to buy
However, as usual for monitors
is the sound quality of the speakers
not too good
So it would be to recommend one
external speaker to buy
below the screen are located
the menu keys to monitor
calibrate and adjust
With the help of these keys you can
also set whether you the
screen as android device use
just want him or her as a screen
want to use with the foldout
stand on the back you can the
Monitor down and angle like that
adjust that you enjoy it
can use
you even have the opportunity to see him
60 degrees to tilt back
the design is also very nice
appealing but not too noticeable
making the monitor look good on everyone
desk fits over the screen
There is a 1 megapixel webcam
for video calls to external devices like
for example, a memory extension
are to be connected to the
Monitor two USB ports
In addition one finds there a pc audio
input for microphones and a headphone
on
In addition, the monitor has a wifi
antenna which allows you to wlan over it
can go to the internet
the screen has one
full hd resolution which makes movies and
played videos in best quality
because he can be one
screen diagonal of 23 inches
he has a height of 58 cm
enough for a great user experience
to guarantee
through the touchscreen is the use
the screen is very easy
and user friendly
Anyone who has ever had an Android mobile phone
has used this monitor
feel at home even when the device
as a screen for the pc is used
is guaranteed by the good service
relatively good color reproduction can also
photos are very well edited
See the colors of films and videos
Also brilliant on the monitor
the phillips es 23 1 c is not
just a normal monitor but
also an android device with the one too
without pc many great features has the
great resolution and the beautiful design
are also clear pluses for
I can monitor the monitor so
recommend to anyone after one
good screen is looking for the man too
can use without pc
especially those who are already an android
Mobile phone will own this monitor and
the integrated android operating system
very much
the philips es 23 1 c is on the
website of philips or on amazon
available the corresponding links
you can find below in the video
description i hope this video has
please let me take it with me
a comment or a thumbs up
knowledge
Also, do not forget me
subscribe to none of my
to miss weekly videos
that was live tdi with a little one
trip to the world of technology and me
Thank you for watching this video
have seen